incrementing process model 

Outline Description: 
The goal is to create a scheduling system which will allow students, faculty, and admin to 
complete certain functions as outlined by each class. The systems will require a database of
users that will work for 100 students, 10 instructors, and 1 admin. In addition, it will 
also contain a database of courses, and three types of users. 

First Iteration: 
The first iteration of the system will include the base class of users, with attributes:
first name, last name, and identification number. In addition, this would also include
set and get functions for each attribute and a function to print all information for the object.

Second Iteration:
The second iteration of the system could expand on the first by introducing a new derrived 
class. For example, the student class could be introduced. This would include all new 
attributes for students, as well as the associated functions. These would include search
functions, add and drop courses, and printing their schedule. 

Third Iteration:
The third iteration of the system could also expand on the second by introducing the 
instructor class. Similarly with the student class, this would incldue new attributes, as
well as new associated functions. These functions would allow the instructor to print
their schedule, their class lists, and search for courses. 

Fourth Iteration:
The fourth iteration of the system would again expand on the previous. This iteration could
include the admin class with all of its attribues and asscociated functions. These would
include allowing them to add and remove courses from the system, add and remove users,
as well as adding and removing students from courses, and searching and printing rosters
and courses. 

Fifth Iteration:
The fifth iteration of the system could then include the database integration. These
databases include the database of users which would include 100 students, 10 instructors, 
and 1 admin. Additionally, there will be a database of courses which will contain information
such as the CRN, course name, times, and instructor. 

